Unsure how long chip memory can reliably be doubled, chip scientists plan to create a new forecasting system for semiconductor innovation.
What you’re saying: Jackie Dove-Miller, Scotty Washington, Carol Reuss, Bonnie Hauser, Sydney Melet, Rene’ de la Varre and Marlon Torres
Food and Drug Administration Approval for Use of Hiberix as a 3-Dose Primary Haemophilus influenzae Type b (Hib) Vaccination Series
"Fiddler on the Roof," Nov. 20-22, 2015, The Community Church of Chapel Hill Universal-Universalist
URL of this page: https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/sorrypages/generic.html
The 2016 election will deepen the division between those who support the social revolutions of the past five decades and those who do not.
"Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts." (Sign hanging in Einstein's office at Princeton)
In teaching there can be too much emphasis on certainty and a proper appreciation of uncertainty is to be encouraged.
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894
Jupiter Scientific's Information Page
The official statistics, in tabular and graphic form, for the reported occurrence of nationally notifiable infectious diseases
As HB2 batters NC, McCrory laughs on the radio
This chapter covers computing and networking policies and procedures relating to usage, security, identification, and Stanford domains.
Scientists and Faith Leaders Urge President Obama to Announce Steps in Hiroshima to Reduce Nuclear Risks
Fulbright Fellow Kumar builds expertise in ‘people’s participation’ approach to public health
Page maintained by: Office of the Associate Director for Communications (OADC)
Math                                                  1100
Research sheds light the neural structure that controls our sleep, eating habits, hormones and more
1970s: A farmer sells a bag of potatoes for $10. His costs amount to 4/5  of his selling price, that is, $8. What is his profit?
Long a ticket to the middle class, especially for African-Americans, they have become increasingly difficult to find.
UNC-Chapel Hill scientists find likely cause for recent southeast U.S. earthquakes
Avec Vocale Presse, le journal ou magazine de votre choix vous est lu par votre ordinateur (PC ou MAC), votre
Office of Student Affairs - UNC Gillings School of Global Public Health
An atheist has to know a lot more than I know. An atheist is someone who knows there is no god. By some definitions atheism is very stupid.
Since last October, citizen scientists have uncovered fragments from three different fireball sightings using online reports.
Zhang also shared his summer practicum project, Epic Allies, and his current work on developing a teaching game for neurosurgery residents.
Professional-grade abstract and proceedings management
Incidence & Prevalence Definition. Case-Fatality Rate Formula & Calculation
Animals and Environmental Fitness: Physiological and Biochemical Aspects of Adaptation and Ecology, Volume 1
Commencement complete! Now it's time to celebrate at our reception (and try on the graduates' fun hats). #UNC #Gillings2016
This is a joint gift from both my spouse / partner and me.
Dr. Gillings’ speech was exceptional, with real vision for the role of public health and an agenda for a public health of consequence.
Dolphin/Biological Investigations: Form, Function, & Diversity, 5/e
measurement of the global pattern of disease, mortality, and morbidity in aging populations
Below are questions that our customers commonly ask.
Division for Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention
Past topics have included breast cancer, genetics, obesity, disaster response, emergency preparedness, SARS and West Nile Virus. Log on to
I can imagine no more comfortable frame of mind for the conduct of life than a humorous resignation.
Promise of nearly a year of life on targeted drug not reality for all liver cancer patients, study finds
Bursting with action and excitement, The Lost Colony is the epic story of Americas first English colony.
Through our acquisition of Lyris, Inc., Lyris is now part of Aurea's Customer Engagement Solution.
Training in Computational Biology and Quantitative Genetics
Presence of mind, penetration, fine observation, are the sciences of women; ability to avail themselves of these is their talent.
View CDC's financial goals, objectives, and data analysis in budget requests for each fiscal year.
University Operator: (919) 962-2211 |  2016 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill |
A Side Order of Creativity for a Part-Time Diner Waitress
To help students pay for their education and get clinical experience, a nonprofit partners with a university and a hospital
David Rockwell: Light Snacks in a Busy Season
Ambassador Philip Reeker: The Balkans: from War and 'Ethnic Cleansing' to Democratization and Integration into Europe
Pre-Employment Criminal Convictions Check
The Statistical Evaluation of Medical Tests for Classification and Prediction
Master essential dishes, ingredients and cooking techniques on our new
http://sph.unc.edu/sph-news/smokers-and-former-smokers-show-copd-like-symptoms-despite-otherwise-...
We run a range of campus, national and international events. Look at the calendar for details.
For the latest information, visit the facebook event page:
PLEASE forgive my ignorance... could someone PLEASE tell me how to run "upgrade.php" ? and maybe Email me ? - THANK YOU!!!...
Departamento de Salud y Servicios Humanos
Isle Of Anglesey Holidays & Breaks | Visit Wales
LinkOut for Libraries Training and Educational Resources
Wales for real holidays and breaks, outdoors, along the coasts, up a mountain and atop a castle.
For recruitment or application questions or information, please contact us through our
University Operator: (919) 962-2211 |  2014 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill |
Clinical practice guidelines for the management of patients with histoplasmosis: 2007 update by the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
East Chapel Hill tennis coach Nick Walker says his team still "has a lot of work to do," despite an 8-1 win at Chapel Hill.
Ten Cleveland players made at least one 3-pointer each.
You have two ways to earn on Google Play.
no  biological knowledge to support (or to refute) Potts observation in the  18
The Affordable Care Act gives us the tools to build a health care system that puts patients at the center.
Ultimate Guide to the Filipina | Philippines | Filipino | Culture | Survival Skills 101 for Expat / ...
This news release was researched and written by David Williamson of University News Services.
Provide workers with repellents (containing 20% to 30% DEET) to use on their skin and clothing for protection against tick bites.
Priorities USA Action will air TV ads in four swing states that offer scathing critiques of Mr. Trumps comments about women.
William and Ida Friday Center for Continuing Education, 100 Friday Center Dr
References should be emailed by referees directly to the IAS Administrator (see below) by the appropriate deadline (10 June 2016).
Yes. College students, faculty and staff in the U.S., please visit our
DOCLINE participants should route Clinical Emergency (Urgent Patient Care) requests using the NLM LIBID:
TimesMachine Archive  See issues with all articles, photos and ads as they originally appeared. View up to 100 articles per month.
Vocations asks people about their jobs. Interview conducted and condensed by Perry Garfinkel.
PANDAS: Frequently Asked Questions about Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infections
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
'Night On The Moorings' - Caernarfon Castle
EARTH [Environment And Reproductive Health (EARTH Study)]
[Exchange] ActiveSync Encryption for Mobile Devices
BA, Arts, English Literature & Political Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000
This marina is a game changer for New York City, Mr. Golden, 67, a former lobsterman and Massachusetts state senator, said.
This, in turn, Tang says, has the potential to improve health outcomes, reduce costs and improve population health.
The Ultimate Hiring Tool + Total Local Coverage
as a reminder to developers, we recommend that clients make no      more than
Rootstrikers Blasts Newly Revealed Collusion Between Obama Administration and Big Banks on Financial Provisions in TPP
Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
Michelle Obama is to deliver a commencement address at the poor mans Harvard, where critics say a funding crisis is threatening its mission.
Information for TAs and Limited Term Lecturers
It's The Zika Virus In Action, Drawn By A Scientist-Artist
Chohort analysis: W.H. Frosts contributions to the epidemiology of tuberculosis and chronic disease
NLM uses iTunes to make iPhone, iPod and iPad apps available for download through the Apple's App Store. A list of NLM apps is available at
At the Gillings School, we train a diverse group of dedicated students to become world-class leaders and researchers.
Welcome to the University of Massachusetts Medical School (UMMS),the commonwealths first and only public academic health sciences center.
There is no way were ever going to know for certain that any exposure is necessarily causal to a disease, said
Nursing Homes, Infection Prevention in  see Long-Term Care Facilities, Infection Prevention in
Whatever way uncertainty is approached, probability is the only sound way to think about it.
A pain stabbed my heart as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.
a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf.
Reply to Peters et al.: Proton transfers are plausible initiation and termination steps on Cr(III) sites in ethylene polymerization
Admission to the Masters Program in Computer Science Education  is limited to candidates who meet the following additional requirements:
Need information on medications or supplements?
Assistant/Associate Professor of Environmental Reproductive and Perinatal Epidemiology
The Lee Kum Sheung Center for Health and Happiness was officially opened at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health on May 11
University of California, Irvine, CA 92697-3435
7.3   remarkable scientific sayings from school children and students
To get more information about current email subscription service providers and their privacy policy, please refer to the
To use the sharing features on this page, please enable JavaScript.
Department of Genetics, University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Clinton and Media Outlets Are Still Counting Superdelegates in Voter Tallies, Despite Pleas from DNC Exec
NIH is the largest source of funding for medical research in the world, creating hundreds of thousands of high-quality jobs.
Pearl, J., "On Summarizing Data Using Probabilistic Assertions,"    IEEE Trans. on Information Theory,  IT-23(4):459-465, July 1977c.
This marks the second consecutive rankings period in which the UNC Gillings School has been ranked second overall and the number one
Election to NAS membership in the NAS is considered one of the highest honors that a scientist can receive.
A public health issue in many other countries that could become significant in the U.S. now. This bears watching, #UNC #Gillings
An attempt to categorize every insult Donald J. Trump has made on Twitter since declaring his candidacy for president.
Genomic Applications in Practice and Prevention, Evaluation of  see Evaluation of Genomic Applications in Practice and Prevention
The Taliban identified the man in this photograph as Mawlawi Haibatullah Akhundzada on Wednesday.
I could have sworn I put the homework inside a Klein bottle, but this morning  I couldn't find it.
Harvard Chan School launches new and redesigned degree programs
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Dr. Gary C. Ramseyer was an Emeritus Professor of Psychology with a specialty of statistics and measurement at Illinois State University.
Tracking behavioral symptoms of mental health and delivering personalized interventions using smartphones and wearables
Please note that Internet Explorer version 8.x will not be supported as of January 1, 2016. Please refer to
Source: 2014 Journal Citation Reports (JCR) Science and Social Science   Editions, Institute for Scientific Information,
HostId: WXj/vp7N0PrU4pk/aNJInvAu0mKZ8jpewfsN1eyOUNKIi+6l/6JO8k7o2EWSz/D+kerk/fCSbPQ=
He announces these 3 numbers and calls for a press conference where he is  going to present the value of N (to show that
More than half of EU citizens questioned now think e-cigarettes are harmful
I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.
Mia Davidson, who batted .740 this season with 18 home runs, is the first Gatorade Player of the Year from Orange High School.
Light at the End of Tunnel? Americas Endless War in the Greater Middle East
HighWire's massive research portal and its upcoming Stackly product put researchers in touch with the knowledge they require.
PNAS is excited to announce our latest LaTeX template is available on Overleaf (
3. A 300 percent federal tax on all bread            to pay for all the societal ills we might associate with            bread.
A genomic approach to therapeutic target validation identifies a glucose-lowering GLP1R variant protective for coronary heart disease
The Wellcome Trust/Cancer Research UK Gurdon Institute and Department of Biochemistry, University of Cambridge, Cambridge CB2 1QN, UK.
Does the equation,         x^2 + y^3 = z^4    have solutions in prime numbers? Find at least one if yes, give a nonexistence proof otherwise.
Division of Public Health Systems and Workforce Development (DPHSWD)  see Division of Public Health Systems and Workforce Development
Opinion: A new paradigm for regulating genetically engineered animals that are used as food
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC twenty four seven. Saving Lives, Protecting People
Grassroots Group Responds to CFPB Payday Lending Rule, Pledges to Continue Fight to Protect Families from Predatory Lenders
Ovarian and Breast Cancer and Family Health History  see Breast and Ovarian Cancer and Family Health History
The 25 gates that rim Harvard Yard are works of architectural art
The river was expected to crest on Friday evening at around 21 feet, still far short of the 26.2 feet reached in 1910.
Looking for environmental health risks on a typical farm? Visit the newly updated HTML5 Farm scene on various personal electronic devices.
CDC accomplishes its public health mission through agency and accounting initiatives.
http://sph.unc.edu/sph-news/gene-expression-patterns-of-normal-tissue-linked-to-breast-cancer-pro...
UCI Lifted Algorithms Mini-School (November 3-6)
NIH provides training opportunities internally, as well as at universities and other institutions across the U.S.
Bumper sticker: "Statisticians do it            with 95% confidence!"
A population-based risk management framework for cancer control
This page was last modified on 25 May 2016, at 13:53.
Michael S. Bernstein, Greg Little, Robert C. Miller, Bjoern Hartmann, Mark Ackerman, David R. Karger, David Crowell, and Katrina Panovich
Page maintained by: Office of the Associate Director for Communication, Digital Media Branch, Division of Public Affairs
Research was partially supported by grants from AFOSR, NIH, NSF and ONR (MURI).
Flint water crisis confirms need for improved risk management of US drinking water
The Russian kids evidently received this education courtesy of their distinct microbiomes. The Finns and Estonians seemingly did not.
Kiyah Duffey: Empowering families to make healthful choices
Find videos of operations and surgical procedures.
http://www.math.utah.edu/~cherk/mathjokes.html
CDC uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from visitors on all type of digital media channels. Please refer to the
We Cant Have More of the Same: The Very Real Dangers of Hillary Clintons Foreign Policy
Transcript: CDC Director Addresses National Press Club - Transcript
Longtime public safety professional Mike Roberson takes the oath to become Chatham Countys newest sheriff.
Monthly predictions for the spread of chickunguniya virus transmission.
http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf
School Dismissals to Reduce Transmission of Pandemic Influenza
You can search NDL bibliographic records for the following headings:
To view the rest of this content please follow the download PDF link above.
Artificial Intelligence Designs the Ultimate Road Trip
A version of this op-ed appears in print on June 6, 2016, on page A23 of the
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Chapel Hill, East and Orange County schools will host various sports camps and workouts over much of the summer break.
On Snowden Anniversary, #End702 Coalition Commit to Fighting for the Expiration of Super Surveillance Law
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
https://www.mediawiki.org/w/index.php?title=How_to_contribute&oldid=2126050
Use of this system is subject to Stanford University's rules and regulations. See the
We are committed to high standards of excellence, professional ethics and personal integrity in all that we do.
(Professor Emeritus of  Medical Statistics, University of London)
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health
Come join us in Dubai as we explore the Middle East and the digital pathology market there!
The festival was cut short by stormy weather, but there was plenty of style in attendance.
Journal Club: How to find the rare, disease-resistant individuals who could help forge new therapies
Subscribe to a free monthly email featuring upcoming concerts, lectures, sports, art exhibits, family activities & more.
Most sensors designed to measure head impacts in sports produce inaccurate data, Stanford bioengineers find.
MedlinePlus links to original content. MedlinePlus does not link to information reproduced from other Web sites.
Teaching is more than a grade; its about building relationships.
Patients w/ advanced cancer, nearing end of life, still receive aggressive treatment & care. Is that for the best?
Math                                                    3160
Necesita informacin sobre medicinas o suplementos?
John Oliver Debt Buy, Though Laudable, Erases Efforts of Debt Resistance Activists Who Provided Source Material & Concepts to HBO
Dr. Kramer, the psychiatrist who wrote Listening to Prozac, takes on critics who say drug therapy is often no better than placebos.
By many accounts, middle school language arts teacher Jessie Grinnell is a bit of an eccentric educator.
HSPH faculty member, alumnus, among Ebola fighters named Times Perso | News | Harvard School of Public Health
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
Unifying Themes for Undergraduate Math Online
Election Protection to Provide Crucial Assistance for the California Primary Elections to Educate, Empower and Protect Voters
Patients engagement in primary care: powerlessness                 and compounding jeopardy. A qualitative study
Another question from our staff: what would the United States need to do in order for presumed consent to become national policy?
Filter applications with screening questions
Office of the Associate Director for Communication, Division of Public Affairs
Photos: There will be professional photographers taking pictures as each graduate receives his/her diploma. To pre-register go to
Morabias approach is didactic, combining historical snippets with lessons on epidemiology. (American Journal of Epidemiology)
But Clinton wouldnt want this to be a moment for rancor. So I asked for her own pick.
From geographic location to browser popularity to how users navigate from page to page.
Metasurface-based phased-array antennas help implement flat optical devices that perform multiple functions
Cedar Grove man will serve 48 to 63 years for 2012 double murder
"...reason[ing] to the conclusion that something is, or is likely to be, the cause of something else".
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.
Members of our faculty are interested both in development of statistical methodology and application of statistics in applied research.
Sensational headlines don't always tell the whole story. Look at how nutrition news fits into the bigger scientific picture.
Clouds at Barbados are representative of clouds across the trade wind regions in observations and climate models
There are many ways to spin a photon: Half-quantization of a total optical angular momentum
Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services | 330 Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC  20201
Gleaning clues from beached marine mammals, Frances Gulland takes the measure of ocean health.
Clustering                    Euroelections in R
Provided by the Springer Nature SharedIt content-sharing initiative
